Good day, the Internet welcomes you
children's toys shop toy dot ru and i
loved
Today in our video review I will talk about
set of samurai 10 centimeters
brand power rangers megaforce
power rangers megaforce it simultaneously
the name of the new season of the legendary
series about mighty rangers
as well as the name of the updated line
fascinating toys for boys
issued bandai Japanese company
based on the new season in the set Zor giving
samurai we get 3 per child rolling
Samurai figure and card tv series
rangers fighting monsters
aliens on huge combat
cars
cakes that often look like
various animals
variety and can be combined in large
humanoid robot megazord with
which the rangers are capable of
defeat even the most huge monster
zod easily detaches from
universal mount
note that the bottom pattern is up with
small wheels are located thanks to
which they can be easily moved around
level power
all zotov and power assortment
rangers megaforce
universal mount thanks
which are easy to detach change
places to combine and consolidate so
how do you want in the game and besides
connect with other sets of this
series in aboard a stake as well as two cards
with barcodes that can be scanned
using free mobile
applications which is called
powerful rangers card scanner
application is available on ios and android
after scanning the barcode on the card
you can watch a video about your hero
and learn the power of the card in order to
compare these forces with other participants
the samurai vigilant kit is gorgeous
a gift for fans of the show with this
set your child can play like
independently toy and combine
other novelties of the power rangers series
megaforce find out more
information or purchase a variety kit
Samurai 10 centimeters article 35 080
at a bargain price
You can follow the link below ours.
The video was the most children's online store
toys toy dot ru
lyudmila subscribe to our channel and
be aware of all the most popular
novelties in the world of children's toys to new
meetings in our video reviews